March 27, 2012: upprint, release 1.7

 Portability improvements. Lprwrap: pass unrecognized -o options to
 the underlying lpr, so that applications expecting a CUPS lpr will
 still work. Changed the way lprwrap calls the "real" lpr.

July 23, 2011: upprint, release 1.6

 Improved portability. Lprwrap: Compatibility with newer versions of
 CUPS has been improved. The -ocups option to lprwrap now replaces the
 old lprwrap-cups script. Allow multiple -ofudge options. New --lpr
 option can be used to specify the backend "lpr" executable. The
 TEMPDIR environment variable is now respected. Support for pdftops
 added.  Added a size limit on text files, and a --force option to
 override it. Psdim: when compiled with metric defaults, use metric
 units in the output format string. New options --[lrtb]adjust for
 adjusting the bounding box of input document. Compensate for certain
 PostScript files generated by Acrobat Reader that resulted in shifted
 output.

February 15, 2007: upprint, release 1.5

 The new upprint package combines the features of the old lpr-wrapper
 and psdim packages. It contains lprwrap, psdim, as well as the new
 program pstops-clip. Page clipping was improved, so that documents
 with opaque backgrounds can now be printed in n-up mode. A 'fudge'
 feature was added to allow more flexible margin detection.  The
 lpr-wrapper program was renamed lprwrap.

January 22, 2007: lpr-wrapper, release 0.7

 Better CUPS support was added. PPD printer description files are no
 longer required. Printing of Unicode text files is now supported via
 iconv.

March 30, 2005: psdim, release 1.4

 This is a maintenance release. The sources have been updated to
 compile with recent versions of gcc.

January 15, 2004: lpr-wrapper, release 0.6

 We now treat any unknown file type consisting of printable characters
 as text. This allows printing text-based files such as GPG keys,
 which are not identified as "text" by the "file" program. We also
 call the backend "lpr" with the "-l" option to prevent filtering in
 CUPS. 

December 6, 2003: psdim, release 1.3

 This release does not differ from previous releases in functionality.
 The sources have been restructured to take advantage of standard
 automake/autoconf configuration. Configuration options --enable-a4
 and --enable-metric have been added. A spurious source of "Postscript
 errors" has been eliminated.
